To clarify, the folders babysitting, carpentry, engineering, law, and psychology include the datafiles belonging to the results for these particular occupations as produced in Experiment 3. A cleaned overview of all these results is presented in "Overview Results Interevention Requests", where there is a sum tab including the summary statistics, and a total tab including all output lines produced. 

Note that in some of the raw text files the "is a career choice for" prompt is also shown for other occupations than babysitting. These were performed before the final decision was made to only run "is a career choice for" in the case of babysitting, and the prompts "said that" and "what is the gender?" for all occupations (see Methods section of the thesis). 

The folders Experiment 1 and 2 include the related datafiles belonging to these experiments. Note that in Experiment 1 only the pre-ROME counts are used to determine the bias pre-ROME, so before performing any intervention requests. Hence, the post-ROME columns can be ignored here. The results in "overview_occupations" and "overview_occupations2" (both based on 100 iterations) are combined and presented in the thesis. Because of some variety in the output in the case of psychologists, the analysis has been rerun 1000 times for "the psychologist said that". These results can be found in the "psychologist_repeated" files. 

The classification of the output produced in Experiment 2 (and available in the text files in the respective folder) is shown in "Experiment_2_Analysis_Prompts.xlsx". Furthermore, the additional experiments including random subjects for the prompts "identifies as" and "is" can be found in this folder. Note that for some prompts the file name includes "(a)", which means both the prompt with and without the article "a" is run, whereas for other prompts this is broken down in two separate files.

